I love that liquor drown my days
now I'm taking my last ride
I paid the highest price you can pay
I'm on my way to others feel
a Palmer's grave is where I'll be to
rest until the end of times
[Music] hello and welcome back to the lady
Babylon Bible study we've got great cannabis Bible study tonight
um and we're gonna on the way to the fields of cannabis we're going to go
through Jesus the sorcerer and we're gonna bring ourselves out the
other end of at the other end of this tunnel and we're going to stand in the
presence of leukothea leukocia Welcome tonight to Lady Babylon
[Music]
excellent let's not waste time let's pull up a couple of comments and see well I take your comments very seriously
let's get some answers from these should we give us a comment right off the bat here this is from Mark Warren's prossen
yeah Mark thanks 5 minutes and 15 seconds felt like an eternity yes yes it
took that long for me to mention Jesus was arrested with a naked kid in the
public park at 4am right fantastic fantastic why don't we go comment number
two this is our shortest comment ever
oh no this isn't the next one is awesome Dr Hill when Those Grapes really did
know their themselves you're making them known to us opening ourselves I like
that it's a lot of knowing of yourself which is what you see on the Temple of Apollo as you walk in
right everybody sees it we all walk in we know ourselves at least we're
supposed to be excellent and this this tiny tiny comment that we've got here go ahead
oh oh who is this from can you blow that up
oh this is from this is the uh ladies uh um oh the elect the elect ladies for
Christ otherwise known as The Sisterhood of the Eternal frustration let's see what
happened um I'm not going to read this all but I'll read a couple of sentences just to give people a voice
this is why when Jesus was hanging on the cross he said forgive them this is
about halfway he said forgive them Father they know not what they do
he said that after he was arrested in the public park with a naked boy right and he was screaming he was like oh
Father before God was born on this Earth wait a minute oh I skipped a line a
little bit confused there um no therefore he was the only person that can accomplish being a sinless
sacrifice for us all after he was arrested in a public park with a naked
boy at 4am screaming I am not a child
trafficker yes that's exactly right oh
oh order of frustration yes those who seek fine knock and the door will be
opened let's cut to the heart that's cut to the heart I love it by the
way I love it when people quote the Bible to me it really really turns me on
because I read it so much I read it so much pull up that last I want that last
year I pray you wake up and get saved in
Jesus name in Jesus name oh head sister of the order of
frustration I appreciate your prayers I appreciate
the prayers of the evangelicals I appreciate the Bible the very same Bible that I use to bring
the souls of drunkards The Souls of drunkards and
prostitute attending thieves
to convert them the very same Bible the very same Bible that's what we're
here for and that's why you're welcome to be here because we look at the texts we want to know what was Jesus doing
with that naked kid at four in the morning screaming about being a pirate
yeah fantastic let's jump in let's jump in tonight tonight I want to take you to
an article people have been discussing cannabis and its use in Antiquity and
you and I have seen for those who weren't here for the first season you and I have seen that cannabis was
represented by the street name a Starion the star right the star isn't that
beautiful and so we're going to look at cannabis because there is an accusation
flying around it somebody is getting stoned and that these people were
getting stoned they're very famous people like good old Moses in his tent
smoke and the thing and we're told that
something's going on let's see okay right what do we do though on our way
back to reality let's make sure and stick with the evidence because everything else is garbage
thank you Harvard and Yale okay go ahead put up that first number
one hit it light speed love it 1450 BC Book of Exodus references holy
anointing oil made from Cannabis and did you and I look at each other and we're
like huh yeah oh okay okay they have a book from 1450 BC and
this is the book of Acts wait a minute wait a minute that thing is the third Century what are you talking about 1450
BC there are no books from 1450 BC
this is part of the fairy tale do you see how
a major Source can give you facts that aren't real how is this possible pull the uh
pull up the next one give me the this stuff is too much marijuana proponents
oh god proponents seriously don't ever people from One Satanist to another can
I just tell you pull that down for a second sure I need that personal up close can I just tell you and I did save
marijuana so um can I just tell you never
never be a proponent of anything but reason yes fantastic hail Satan hail
Satan on that one right you'll defeat him every time with that one love it love it I used to love to preach
to the Sinners I loved it there's an essence of wafting in the air
it's lovely okay let's get back to that quote um that second yeah marijuana
proponent suggests the recipe I should be tall on this one for the anointing oil pass from God to Moses including
cannabis or Connor blossom in Hebrew okay
this should be easy everybody here knows where I'm going let's look at the Greek
text that first appears historically I said look at the Greek text of the
Septuagint this is easy right you want to find Cannabis you want to find
Cannabis let's go check let's go check if it's there before you monkeys start
jumping up and down for bananas okay just wait just wait
next one here it is here are the verses that they quoted
and take that hey Deuce Mata what is that jedus Mata those are those elements
of pharmacology and Antiquity that have to do with the spicy
incense that we're creating to have fumigations
fumigations that's a technical word on the pharmacological side hedusma
right those are those aromatics
aromatics it's a technical term people right oh I love you I love it let's show
them get get it up there I've got the hey deucema after that they'll just go there yeah
spices aromatics and look at the sources that he gives at the bottom Hippocrates
diseases of women and diascortis one six one pull that down and I can tell you
for a fact in diascorities he has to consider this type of drug because it's
a very common not only medicine way of administering medicinals but a very
common cold use of drugs when you have the altar of incense the altar of
incense that's a part of your practice right how are you going to make the
stuff that you burn and inhale you can blow it up your nose too I can
take it from a priestess in my nose it was a little tiny Reed insufflation they
call it insufflation there's something about insufflation
when you're being insufflated by a priestess on the island of Cyprus within
the Temple of Aphrodite you've made it you have made it
let's go to the next let's keep burning yeah oh just don't
forget that um sale of funness fatal to all quadrupeds yeah yeah on the
application of the root to the genitals why did I throw that in there why did I
throw that in there because we are applying drugs we are applying drugs
did you know the Bible was so sexy no you didn't go back to Moses go get get
us back to that text from the very Beginnings up uh yeah there we go yeah okay so what does he say that's jeduce
Matas these aromatics right and now he's gonna listen for you what those are he gives you he gives you the recipe this
is the holy recipe it's the holy recipe here it comes to anthos
yeah well it's got myrrh in it we know that Smyrna at least right and give a
Smyrna it's the first Greek up there yeah look at this look at this sometimes
it's written nice nice but it's mura we know that see
is that Arabian tree right myrrh we've got no problem there but look it's used
in if you can go halfway down that paragraph and not usually the audience
if you look halfway down that paragraph down to the Greek wordness
[Music]
that's what that thing is yeah what is what are those
let's go back to the Greek those are fumigations bro there's fumigations
yeah yeah good that's okay go back to the text excellent so we've got some Smyrna there
and what else do we have we it gives a weight of it who cares and then so much
Kina momon you can probably pick that one out that's just cinnamon bra it's
just cinnamon brown what do you do with your cinnamon you get the stuff that's you get the stuff that smells awesome
good smelling stuff you mean there's different times yeah you get the really really good stuff
that's the reserve the special go back to that text we're reading the Bible we're reading the Bible and what else is
in this substance by the way we're going to take this substance and we're going to cover everything with it we're going
to cover boys with it we're going to cover candlesticks with it we're going to cover altars with it the whole place
is gonna stink of this stuff so it's important to see what it is that
we're using in our drug and someone's alleging that we're using cannabis
let's keep reading the verse but so far I don't see it okay what else do we have here
we have oh half as much right and what
kalamu oh deuce calamus
fragrant calamus you know the kind that is not cannabis
okay now where's the mistake that's written there in English that we didn't
notice go back Chewie I know this is flips but go back to that first uh
second slide that we had second slide yeah marijuana proponents suggested the
recipe for the anointing oil pass from God to Moses include cannabis so far it's not in there or can a blossom in
Hebrew they point to versions calling for fragrant cane
which they say was mistakenly changed to the plant calamus in the King James
version of the Bible it was mistakenly from the Hebrew the King James was
referring to this thing got turned around 180 degrees because the fairy tale that we are all not believing
anymore is that the Hebrew produced the Greek as
a translation no no no we know the Greek is the original
so um notice did you catch there a mistake by King James King James
15 how many how many centuries later are you going to want to talk about from
Antiquity let's go back to Antiquity and look what the source says there is no
cannabis in the anointing oil that is used in Exodus it's not there
and you're gonna say no it's a misinterpretation it's misinterpretation of the Hebrew
okay wait a minute stop yourselves right now right now just stop
and ask yourself could the Greeks
have been misinterpreting the Hebrew
I forgot there are so many Hebrew medical authors
I forgot they write about no no wait what wait what no we don't have any Hebrew
medical authors oh well that's a difficulty if we're talking about drugs how about pharmacological work
no we have no Hebrew pharmacological works either to consult
you mean this is the appearance of that word and you don't have a context outside of it wait let me get this
straight the Greeks at the time that this text that I'm reading to you
has been start mesmerizing them with pictures of of of symbols of religious symbols satanic
things go ahead the Greeks in the third Century second century first century are building
the museum all across the world their
world at least people are doing research and writing
entire volumes on plants and on animals zoology
you've got philosophers out the backside
Madison herophilus incredible Physicians air assist routes
doing dissections pulling apart the human body to explain
the physiology you have alexandrian
priests who were talking about drugs and their antidotes and which drugs to give
for which reasons and you have no Hebrew you have no
Hebrew you have no Hebrew sources no you don't the medicine and the drugs just like the
language Greek is what the people are using and when this Greek says a very very specific
plant for which the Greeks were highly highly trained
and diarrhea that the mouth on these different drugs you mean it's
their mistake in their magical translation where they stepped in with 72 of these guys all from the tribes of
Israel different chambers and pow
Beam Beam of information into the brain right out the Greek magic absolute magic
if you people are willing to buy
that seriously
what's the long and the short it's not there people I'm sorry
I'm sorry if you wanted Moses dancing in cannabis oil I'm really sorry
I'm really sorry it's not their thing it's not their thing
whose thing is it why don't we go back to the sources and why don't we look at
whose thing it is let's do some dredging up and this is you guys love this that's where we're gonna do it before we get
there before we dredge up this next source which is Ghostly and godly and wonderful before we get there I want you
to watch a little mesmerizing clip that will set the images now we are not going to tell you what
those images are doing and what they are setting [Music]
thank you [Music]
long way to go on a short period of time and I've got uh Gnostic informant waiting to get on
board and to ask questions maybe talk a little bit about Medea so I'm going to push but I'm going to push
steadily I want you to throw up Chewie Chewie is throwing up here is the next installment of what comes in that Exodus
um chapter this is what comes right after it yeah
that Holy anointing that is not the anointing of
the oil that is used in the consecration of the king it's not the oil that's used
in the gymnasium either it's the oil that gives you an erection
yeah it's the oil that gives you an erection love it that's the ristos and you say
how dare you I know that that's not no you don't you've never read the text shut up
give me the next this is from euripides let me just to
school you I love it do you like to be school or kind of like the school I love
this this is from euripides this is feedra talking right and what is
she saying she's asking a question to her nurse she's saying what time what type of drug is this a Christ or a
potable is this one of those drugs that you take and you rub into your skin
or is this one of those drugs that you take in the rectum is this one that a
priestess is going to blow up my nose is this one that's gonna come out of
somebody's body and I'm gonna swallow in communion within the mystery what
kind of what kind is it uh put the next slider what why is he why
is he at why is she asking fidra why is fidra asking hey what kind of drug you
got a Christ or a drinkable why does she say that it said Kristen
right I'm just using the words uh why did she say that because she
wanted a sex drug she wanted a sex drug with kind of a sex drug she want yup
leave it up this is a text she wanted a drug that was a filter
it was a filter that was
this is a drug that is going to change the way that you
think and it's going to bend your mind to erotic desire
and she loved that it's going to bend your mind to erotic desire and the
reason she's feeders trying to get one of those drugs is because she wants to sleep with her stepson
because he hippolytus is amazingly hot
mostly for the fact that he refuses to have anything to do with women
because he is a servant to the virgin that makes sense but you see what
happens when there's something about that Priestly collar that just calls it
just calls for some sort of Deliverance you know what I mean those of you who
are not part of the the order of frustration um probably understand the power of
Seduction and why it is so devastating right you can cut that off and put a
collar on um you can marry a Baptist preacher or you can embrace it and build a temple
to Aphrodite it's up to you right you're purging the people the
whole purpose of the mystery is to purge the people to keep your citizens clean so that you
maintain your democracy makes sense doesn't it make sense love
it let's go to the next next line we've got a I don't want to keep Gnostic too
long sitting over there like yeah yeah go ahead um no I want to get these screenshots
and by the way we're talking about sex drugs look what's going on here with Medea and Jason right there's a great
article written um by a professor in Georgia she's
writing about Medea and the prominence of Medea and Etruscan art and why it is
that she would you mean medeas got a following all the way over in Northern
Italy uh yeah yeah Black Sea Babylon
right so she's the ruler of Babylon fantastic so this is a huge Bock Empire
right um we don't call the maids for any reason right let's jump oh I just wanted to show you
though you see what's going on that picture with Jason look what she's doing look what she's doing the scholar who
wrote about this she's great too I wish I could remember her name um she I'll post it or something she was
talking about what's in this thing this offering dish that they're holding up to his mouth and why does he look like he's
half conscious and why is he naked they are naked the holy virgin in the
middle isn't naked right media is not naked why is he what's going on is there
something something you know undercover yeah let's go to the next boom hit it
Yep this is uh why don't we just look at what the Ancients said about cannabis
and what it is and where to find it
he says this is a scythian which is uh what do you what is the
thumiyama that's uh something that you're burning to offer or to enter into a state of
dialogue with the gods right isn't that nice something that you burn to enter
into dialogue with the gods that's what the scythians use it for fantastic let's see keep reading his definition would
you fantastic yeah um it has this sort of power he says so
that X is what does it do it actually monzo go
down to the next next one yep what does it do it bleeds out it exudes it exudes
what is this word from right all right it's whoops threw me out I'll put the other there's one there it is
there we go exigmato look at that it's exuding it's
exuding what is it it's the leaking out this moisture this moisture that's very
important right yeah causing to exude can you cause someone to exude something
yes you can what is the Cannabis do it causes you to exude what
next next slide sorry Chewie's looking at me like huh next slide
right after the definition that we just had right there it causes you to exude
this that which is arousing or inspiring
do you get it okay people take that down or you can leave it up do you get it does everybody get it just take a minute
there what does the Cannabis do cannabis allows you
to produce a milk what is that milk that is milk of
inspiration it allows you to take everything that
inspires and bring It Forward yeah now some of you are saying who were who are
devotees of a Starion and the Throne of Satan some of you are saying well that's
a very clever description in just a couple of words for what the Cannabis is
known for doing and it's through the lens of antiquity it's through the lens of antiquity those
people that were standing at the foot of the cross when Jesus was yelling out oh Father forgive them for they know not
what they do after they arrest me with a naked boy in a public park
right he would know he would know how would Jesus know this
stuff Jesus's drug user you know Jesus was a drug user do I have to show you
more of his to his depravity do I have to show you I do you want it
don't you this is like a dirty this is a dirty Show from from France
this is a dirty 1930s French dance
it's what it is dance with these drugs and these sex acts that's the Bible though you have to get
used to it you have to get used to it keep going we've got another one uh text wise yeah give me the next
yep I just want you to see this um before before we get there show the there okay this isn't Etruscan pot long
story short Etruscan pot central figure is Medea central figure is Medea you can
see written on the Kana that she's carrying and how do we know it's Akana because it says Khanna it's is it right
you see it on the right there kind of and in the Etruscan mataya who there are
about four names for Medea and this is one of them I think this is the closest to the Greek mataya yep good fantastic
and go down to the Kana according to helmet Ricks which sounds like an
Affliction of the glands um Kana cannot be a local variant of
Etruscan color but it's different is a different word and homonymous you know so okay it's got the same sound what is
it uh Rex does not agree with attempt if so and so to connect Kana with the Greek
Kana right read okay so you can see the philologists are
trying to figure out where where the word is coming from right okay but um but supports another hypothesis the same
author on the meaning of Kana as Kana beasts right the Greek word for cannabis
okay next next one fantastic um what is the last part of the kind of
beasts remember that the BDI
remember that these guys hear that Bead video video videos we deal we Dale
there's a Dior gamma somewhere hidden in there isn't there yes there is look at the bottom line weed we are
weed we are overseers what does that wind root mean it comes
down into Latin as wideo with dairy it's a sea right to see it's the diagram you
didn't know that six was in there that's 666 again right there it is
gamma love it don't forget that it's the dye gamma and it's there and it's part
of the word for the cannabis it is that element which is giving us
sight there's a reason the dragons who guard thee who guard the relics smell
like cannabis there's a reason because it is in all of their instance
you can't get within 100 feet of that thing you can't when you're getting to the island the sailors do you know what this how the sailors find the island
they say that they can smell it we're talking about Cyprus now you can smell Cypress before you can see
it in a boat you can smell it why because all of the incense they
don't want you on that island unless you are high yeah it's a big hot boxing operation you
can't walk the streets without huffing yes isn't that wonderful make you huff
at least you'll smell better be able to take one of those baths that they take they took that Kana which the genius
Scholars say oh it's probably the talking about the fibers and turning them into
Fabrics right from the Cannabis right of course that's in they were stupid right
scythians are making clothing out of it so Horizon says so right or the not the
city of the Thracians are making clothing out of it right so okay fine
fine it's part of their culture did you know they were did you know that they were doing this yeah oh my goodness give
us the next text we gotta I'm taking so long Gnostic is gonna kill me okay go to the
next one I just want to take you back to Jesus
and I want you to know that he touched me [Music]
this is from ax ax and it's talking about Paul's visit
to Cyprus we might as well go with Paul all right foreign
's there and Paul's walking the whole island he ends up down there in paphos
all right starts at one Side Tracks to the other it's down there at pothos all right who do we call pothia papia
that's Venus right that's Aphrodite this is Aphrodite's land Paul
yes and what what does Paul tell or what is the text of Acts telleth happens to Paul go back to that text yeah so they
came they they've traveled a length of the island all the way up to Pathos and they found a man ondratina magon a
certain magus the Grace said magoy
magoi what are these Maguey what else is he besides the magoi he's
he's a false prophet what else is it you die on he's Jewish and what else is it
what else is he well he's got a name they give him gnomer and what is it
[Music]
he's that weighty Jesus weighty Jesus why do they call him
weighty Jesus big Jesus I am big Jesus
I'm in big Jesus yeah go to the next verse it's going to
explain this title uh okay I'm gonna give this to you guys tonight nobody else nobody else I can promise you
barterman out there you haven't done this part I know you haven't I know you haven't right
um whoever else Harvard you guys Princeton stand up people stand up you
guys haven't I'm gonna give it just to you guys tonight from satanic initiation I'm gonna give it just to you are you
ready hit me with the next verse after the next look at this
the guy that we were just talking about who is called elements bar Jesus
and people say where's my Whip and people say oh
yeah oh do that bar Jesus it's got to be Hebrew
it's got to be the sun son of Jesus
and we'll say Joshua jehoshua shusha I don't know make the stuff up
people but your Linguistics are terrible yeah
bar Jesus Son of Jesus in a place that has been speaking Hebrew speaking Greek
for so long that Hebrew has become completely liturgical and there's not a
trace of Hebrew literature anywhere oh my goodness
oh my goodness fantastic um The Fairy Tale come true right okay
go to the uh let's see what bar Jesus does and like bring that set that same verse look what is Ali Miss demagos just
follow the phrase
because his name right this is how it's interpreted they
call them alimas the magus because this is how his name bar Jesus
is interpreted translated is rendered rendered probably the best
word for that yeah Jesus the magus
right that bar Jesus is the Magus it's what he just said this is how his name
is rendered they call him bar Jesus it means the magos
it means the magos because Jesus everybody knows is that mystery he is that power
yeah Jesus ain't his name Jesus is a title and by the time Jesus is using
Jesus that the Magi gave him all the drugs and money for and calling him your
calling he's gonna be a Jesus go to Egypt
shave his head put him in with the priests and let him teach him give him all that frankincense to murder they'll
make him a whole bunch of drugs yeah the Christ
is a pharmacological term he is the christed Jesus
oh wow and when he's on that cross he is so bombed he's he he is so bombed all he
can do is Scream scream out how thirsty he is scream out
in a tongue that nobody understands except for those Sorcerers who were like wait what did he say
right okay keep going we're almost done this is this is this is we're almost there go yep
uh that's okay that's the one we just finished go next one yeah just look at what a margon is right this is a
trickster or a Fatima County somebody who really understands drugs somebody who's theosabe who's who's
bringing Saba right somebody that Theologian by Theologian think more of pre-socratic
philosopher Theologian that orphic type or priest he says Ryan this is the
Persians use it for that way anyway just for their priests go down
what do we have here I wanted to finish up tonight with just and I'm sorry I'm going so long but I wanted to finish up
with a fragment just because Pete look people are sitting here leave that up people are sitting here and they're
saying wait a minute um this is you just told us the way to a
way to read or what the Bible says in Acts that nobody else has said yes right
because we're lifting the text directly not presenting to you an argument
I have sources that classicists have that you're not going to find that
seminarians don't know right that's the whole point classical philology is guarding those texts I have
one that I'll just show you I'll just hold up hold it up right here look this is one
volume of the oxyrhancus papyri what are the Oxford rinkus papyri their papyri
that were found in a garbage dump in Egypt in a place called oxyrinkus
and late 1800s and they were looted by the by The Scholar thieves that you know
and this stuff was taken back to Oxford or and disseminated right for people to
put in museums and stuff like that ride oh fantastic fantastic so guess what
right now they're up to 80 something volume 80 something the one that I'm reading to you today from is uh volume
45. 45 published in like 1977.
no translation just fragments and the one that I want to show you
today that has the spur my grandfather's spur on it um is the is the
is an unknown some people think it could possibly be pindar or some people think it could be
they're always guessing though they don't know there's no attributed author
but I want you to notice some of the words that are there
the very top I want you to see especially my Greek students I want you
to see leuko Thea do you see leukocia there leukothea in that first line and
I'm just gonna I'm just gonna start translating it to you as best I can it's got holes in it so I can just give you a
vague a vague idea of where it is oh and it's a Dorian dialect so heavy on The
Vowel Shift and um we're going to be substituting letters
okay what do you mean and we're gonna see that diagama frequently as well by the way
um yeah Lao Cafe eratan temenos
welcome to the temenos the holy sacred grove
of lucasaya remember that savior that's sottera that
we had in the clip she is called the Savior repeatedly this is 900 years
before Jesus is ever calling himself anything we are calling Luca Thea the savior
she is the nurse of Bacchus she is the nurse the transformed nurse of Bacchus
yeah love it and in this fragment I'm just gonna read it to you yeah
um where do we end up we end up with the pomegranate with this juicy sweet
pomegranate and you say what I got a pomegranate okay I got a pomegranate what else do I have I got some Rivers
you mean I'm in this holy Grove of of Eve excuse me of
the white goddess or the bright goddess lucasia that's a translation that lelk
root can is it can be white but it's more like shining brilliant you know the
brilliant goddess The Shining goddess what is she uh what do we have we've got
a pomegranate with her we have a pomegranate what are we waiting for we're waiting next to those Rivers
we're waiting next to those rivers with Eve and what are we doing with Eve we're going to enter into that Gammon that
sacred Gammon that thing which all Mortals
suffer both men and women it says yes and what are we going to do we're
gonna have the 2K we're going to be able to enter into the chance reality of Union
with the Korah Union with the Korah wait a minute are
we in eluses where is this the have we turned into bakkens yeah
right we never left we're same saturnian or satanic cult
and what I just read to you is a fragment that none of your none of your biblical studying friends or The
Sisterhood of the Traveling traveling frustration none of them
will have access to this because they really don't care what the text says or
one of them would answer my question what was Jesus doing with a naked boy in
a public park at 4 00 am screaming to the authorities that he was not a child
trafficker what's he doing yeah I would love it
great order of the sister of frustration please please Sisterhood give me an
answer to that let's finish up we got one more I want yeah oh wait here um actually go up there go up there yeah
this is the pomegranate and I just want you to notice that if you look down at definition number two that pomegranate
is the same as nymphia and you want to say well what is the nymphia that is the
Madonna
Madonna yellow water living oh Lily and the name
of ariadne what Can You Feel The Cult Can You Feel
The Mandrake is it finally kicking in you know what I mean oh my God it's gorgeous lastly let's end on this and
I'm gonna go to go to Gnostic informant real quick what is a muse
what is a muse
this is hesitius we listen to them for for data about their own language
erotica erotica no yeah oh I did the attic sorry oi yeah
this is the ahoidney song we also get epoid from this
that eponic or Magic song right we don't have a word for this in English take a
song the concept of singing and wet it to the performance of magic that alters
the universe around you and you get an epode
you get an effort and you begin to understand what amuses so what what is what are the muses they are the erotic
EPO keep going what else are they some people say they're enigmata
yeah Enigma time and we get Enigma from that this is a
dark brittle a dark
puzzle to be figured out isn't that nice the muses are a dark riddle and what else
are they technos right they're skilled they have the skills the muses have the
skills so if you want to ask me what is a muse there's you use the classical
definition the ancient definition say the Muse is she
who is the erotic singer who sings with skill the Enigma of
existence oh isn't that isn't that sexy that's
sexy right and what do we know that sappho calls them thanks to the fragment
we discovered in 2005 or it was released in 2005. what do we know they call call
those muses boy
those who have that EOS that burning purple poison that Violet poison
in the groin the purple medicine groin singers of
erotic desire Oh you mean that made the universe yeah
that made the universe Isn't it nice yeah love Aphrodite love that stuff
welcome to Cyprus welcome to Cypress board Jesus right there she is there's a
great Queen welcome let's get Gnostic informant on here for some last uh some last minute I'm sorry
Gnostic for taking so long how are you doing no never rushed that was good I was enjoying the whole time good stuff
good good what do you have what do you have uh in your brain since you're such
a powerful artist so how's your brain with with the Medea project and now
you're working on it without Medea I was thinking about what you're saying just now and you mentioned this bakic Empire
that existed at some point when we look at the sources we put two and two together what diadoris is saying what
Herodotus is saying what Homer's saying you get this picture of some sort of
cultural Empire that existed stretching from Beyond Babylon Eastern and all the
way to you know past where the Etruscans are at you get in the Etruscan like the
vases you were showing you have media mataya in Etruscan and then you have the
medes claiming to call themselves medes based on Medea so there's some sort of
cultural Empire existing somewhere somewhere at the end of the Bronze Age and diadoris relates that it comes from
this pharaoh who you know goes to war against the syrians and he leaves this
he plants this Kingdom up in the north in caucus and then the Egyptians pull
out but that that Kingdom stays and I'm thinking to myself hmm that's interesting because Medea is so
culturally important to all these places why and then I'm looking at the first chapter
well it's chapter two actually book one of Herodotus histories chapter 2 to
chapter four first thing he writes about is the the Trojan War he's he's talking
about how how Hell loss came to be of course got to talk about the Trojan War but I didn't realize this until until
last night before Helen gets captured well well actually the question is why
did Helen get captured well because she was so beautiful not really according to Herodotus people say it was a
retaliation of the Helens going to caucus and capturing Medea first
and they captured Medea brought her to Argos and then in retaliation the
Trojans captured Helen so like whoa that changes the whole
story Medea is the cause of the Trojan War now and that's like the beginning of you
can't talk about Western Civilization without the Trojan War being in the beginning that's our Genesis right there and so Medea is so important to
everything like I mentioned the Etruscans are are putting her up as like a goddess almost and then I found this
out too talk about Boca Empire the the Grapevine and I have a screen
ready to share if you want to pop that up real quick it's just it's just a it's just a Wikipedia article for great right
but that it's actually an imported grapes are imported and planted they
didn't grow wild they only grew wild in one place and guess where that is
Georgia so the Grapevine grows wild where
Medea's kingdom is so we're talking about this bakic Empire grapes are grown the grapes are native
to this place which means Bacchus is native to this place you have Bacchus and Medea both coming from this area and
the marriage and then we get this marriage of Bacchus and ariadne you were just talking about ariadnez the Madonna
well what is that that sounds like the formulation of kaikon mix the vine and the great uh the grape and
the uh and the in the Madonna so there's some there's it's just fascinating when
you put it all together like that yeah isn't it and
um the very fact that Medea could be that bakic uh voice it shouldn't
surprise us the very fact that she's formulating bachic practice it shouldn't surprise us that in order to enter into
that Ecstasy of course the wine has to be full of something it has to have that
essence of the god and it only makes sense that this sorceress who knows so
much about medicine and drugs that she's the one who's kind of pushing this why I
gotta ask you this Neil and this always bothers me why did why do we Overlook
that they were abducting her for a reason you don't sail halfway
across the world and pick up a strange person and steal them yeah resources you
don't waste you don't throw your Navy out there and risk them getting killed going to a foreign land just to capture
a random princess no no no she was valuable she has
knowledge she has resources she is like famous like think about Cleopatra's Fame
when they when they capture Cleopatra and they brought her back to Rome and they were going to kill her and all the
Roman citizens are like no no don't kill her we will Revolt if you kill Cleopatra
we're gonna we're gonna Revolt all of you will be dead they're like oh [__] we can't kill this woman let her go like
think about that but like I would say times 10 with Medea because Cleopatra
yeah she's very prominent and she has kingdoms even like Syria and uh and and
I think southern turkey she had one of her sons planted over there but Medea's influence goes the entire Known World at
the time the entire Bronze Age seems to be connected to Medea in some way so I
would say Medea is like Cleopatra times 10. and she and like and that's another
thing you mentioned the knowledge of the of the drugs that's probably like more
valuable than gold well and remember the that drug knowledge is an arc of
evolution within the Warfare as well she she harnesses the power of the explosive
power petroleum yeah and she ends up Petroleum in Georgia making the fire of Uranus right
and the Greeks take this and turn it into a very formidable Naval Weapon
right and that they're very unwilling to talk about what is the secret we know
that the suited tells us that was Medea's fire that Greek Naval Weapon is originally in Medea's fire and she's
making things explode she makes a princess burst into flames in public do
you know they heard about that all over the world they heard about that all over the world that vase that's in a truria
that's introveteri it was the Corinthians who colonized your veteri
and so they of course brought with them the the uh disaster that happened when
they're King and their King's Daughter got emulated the suda even says that when the Greeks
when the it was the byzantines at the time when the byzantines were trying to find a way to defend themselves against
these uh Invaders they went to the ancient text and found a found some sort
of Fire processed and like you mentioned they they let you know this is an ancient
thing this isn't like a new thing they were going back to the ancient sources to find this stuff so and like for
someone to get captured it started an entire war that Echoes all the way
through across centuries and it becomes the Central Foundation story of an
entire of an entire world basically something's going on there something is important
about that yeah and may the classicist hear our voice today because we don't
think that bakic worship is anything but Greek right you say well it's very
Oriental it's very strange yeah it was founded by a woman who lived up to the east of where the
Greeks did you got that much right orientalizing yeah the Mysteries come out of there and out of Thrace right
work their way down so yeah it's fantastic I love the people
don't reckon the influence that Medea had upon the world they don't understand all of that mystery is coming from one
woman why do you think the Christians take that figure and say this is the one
that Jesu when he comes down on his golden bra is going to slaughter before he Slaughters the rest of us and the
blood is up to his horses right lovely you want to know why I think about that I'm so glad you brought that up because
it's sort of a it's an inverse of the argonautica where the Jason there's you have two
jasons now Jesus Jason and we know it's the same name one of them's Greek one of
them's Semitic whatever you want like different it's the same name it's Jason comes from Jake and so the Jason and the
argotica goes to Medea with the Golden Fleece and the Jesus go and he gets
saved by Medea the other story is the Jason with the golden uh whatever
um the golden wearing the golden robe going to slaughter her and now she's a witch now she's evil now it's she's lady
Babylon so it's like a flipping of the polls happening they're reversing everything and that's why that's why you
get kelsus that's why calcus saying that this is a degradation of the of the of
the Mysteries that's what he calls Christianity and I think it's why Christianity is so brutally hard on drug
use why they crack down and they start by telling their own people it's one of
the oldest Christian references we've got and it says you've got to take the botany out of the communion you can't
have any drugs in the communion we gotta just go for the straight one and they
use that to bring break the Roman world's mystery Cults just the drugs
themselves be and why is that fear of reconstructing the right there because
they know it can be done they know that they can enter into this mystery yet again yeah when people's minds are being
expanded by these by these drugs all of a sudden you you had your your your your
opening yourself up to people that are going to revolt against you because like
it's easier to keep people enslaved mentally and emotionally if everybody's
sober and everybody believes in the same thing so and that's that that was the goal and
that and you have to admit they were successful at it for like a thousand years all of Europe and Italy and Greece
was basically just following Christianity for a thousand years nobody like nobody there was nothing else going
on unless you were Jewish or or a Muslim but that's it well there are a lot of wars
yeah and they all hated each other if they weren't if you weren't if you weren't Christian then you weren't hated so it was like there wasn't any I've
always I've always wanted to ask let's let's anger our our some of our viewers now and say why wasn't there a pox
um catholica there's a pox Ramana where they brought the Romans brought
civilization and people were saying yeah I want to become vote our people in to become you know
um uh Romans and they're spreading civilization and things are going great
right so we declared this is epox Romana this is a great Golden Age why don't we
have epox catholica why don't we have the Christian church ever achieving a
pox there's none there's nothing like that in fact if you're gonna if I was to argue if I had to pick it would be when
they start going back to the Greek mythology the Renaissance when they start painting Venus again that's when
start things start to get better isn't that weird when things start to get better is when they start going back to the ancient
myths again start painting Venus and Bacchus and putting them up on on in nice buildings with nice car but when
they start getting into the art again all of a sudden the world starts to change you get better isn't that something what does that tell you about
about the world about civil what does that tell you like it tells you a lot and if and eventually that Renaissance
gives birth to democracy coming back to the terrestrial
plane democracy coming back and now we have the Democracy right and now we're
fighting to keep it right we're fighting to keep it what if I'm just going to ask
you this what if it is not true that Christianity is is
the source of democracy what if it's true instead that Christianity was what
killed democracy absolutely it brought back the Monarch you bring back the monarchy something that hasn't been seen
since the the 30 tyrants were slayed by the by the Athenians when they replaced it with a 500 head Senate they called it
the boulay that was when they that was the end of type of tyranny for a long
time after that and it wasn't until Christianity comes along where they replace all that with an another
monarchy you know what I mean like I'll say this the Roman the Roman Imperial uh
way was sort of led into that don't get me wrong but Christianity the one God
and one Pope and one Emperor that's that that that mentality that patriarchal
mentality that's dark that's a dark world that everybody has to play a part you play your role you have to if you're
a man you have to do this if you're a woman you have to do this and women stay home and do that and man you go do this that's a dark world that's a that's like
a like it's like that's like the when you think of like the worst communist stick whatever like the worst
like you know Nazi Germany that's even worse than that yeah
like you mentioned when we start when people started to wake up again when people started to look back at the
ancient myths and of Venus and Bacchus and started getting in the art the Renaissance and the enlightenment all of
a sudden democracy comes back also in the world gets better what does that I mean like it's really that simple I really you can look at
history that way I do yeah yeah no and that's Thomas you and
me and Thomas Jefferson baby Thomas Paine let's let's ask Thomas Payne you want to invite him let's have a let's
have a lunch you and me promise me this promise me this you know you after death
you and me Payne and Jefferson one lunch couple bottles of wine and just the best
debate conversation and I'm you and I are gonna sit there and be you know
amazed but it you know I think they wouldn't be I think they wouldn't be too upset if we if we did that you know what
I mean I mean everybody's gonna be there's gonna be a whole bunch of people with 70 virgins and there's going to be
a people right no no yeah let's go sit around let's find sappho we got to bring
Sapphire promise me we'll bring sappho just imagine just imagine being on the
Island of Lesbos and you got sappho there and she's playing her her liar
she's telling the stories of Venus she's telling the story stories of Bacchus and and and and uh Medea too like just
imagine that site you know imagine that that world why would you want to eradicate that from society and and put
them put women in as nuns and you know Homemakers and like why would you want
to eradicate that from society I don't it's crazy it is notice that you have to you have to eradicate Venus so you don't
get that Taliban you don't get that Orthodoxy oh look you don't get that fundamentalism Venus becomes loose the
symbol of Lucifer yeah isn't that something what is I mean like it's it's so backwards yeah
like love and beauty and fertility those those things that are become evil
and wicked and gross and Abominations those are the central things of Life
those are what we were that's what that's what we're like it's coded in our DNA to do
like there's nothing else to live for besides love and fertility why would you want to make that is the
source of all evil you know why would you want to subject
one gender to the other why would you want to say women obey your husbands
Romans women obey your husbands and then women
should not speak in churches either that's Paul man he was right he was harsh yeah don't educate him either
right if they're not getting educated they can't be speaking anyway so you know what I mean yeah what is that Neil
last question you tell me is that an imbalance in the universe when you try to construct a religion and a God and a
mystery around misogyny around
taking one group of people and just subjugating them you know whether it be according to their color or their gender
or whatever it is that just unnatural and just drives us towards
self-destruction that's what I'm gonna say what do you say yeah yes but I the
reason why those type of worlds come about is because they they work for for a
small group of people a Priestly class for example in this situation becomes extremely powerful
and I'll just like throw an example out there like when Rome was being when all of Italy was being sacked by the French
in the 16th century and bro like ever all of Italy is being subdued by France
Italy became part of France but Rome the the Vatican they live right through it
they were spared because that's the Holy See You can't touch the holy see you now
politically you could control the holy see and you but you're not going to kill them they're going to stay billionaires
they're gonna stay in their Mansions you're going to conquer everything around them all the poor people that live around them are all dead but the
Holy See lives through everything they're still around today it's like there's they they created
something then put themselves above civilization so it's very very hard to
get rid of something like that once it starts very hard I think the right woman I think the right woman could do it and
I think bring him back lady Babylon bring him back that history I think that's the only way to forge forward is
to say what was it I know it sounds stupid Neil but what was it in the Bronze Age that was such created such a
Renaissance it created such a movement forward in knowledge and research and in
technological development what was it that caused that push forward could it be because of a group could it be
because of an individual we know that thought revolutions that the industrial
revolutions are always brought about by a group or an individual right it's
scientists who are individuals who bring up the new you know Galilei oh my God
how did you well he's Copernicus but you know it takes those individuals to push
forward and history was proof of that we wouldn't have we wouldn't have those Romans without Julius Caesar the great
child of Aphrodite we wouldn't have those things right so you can even it's
even someone like Caesar who's a conqueror still has to say I'm the son of Venus
you have to have that and you think of Athens with Athena in the Parthenon that
giant statue golden and uh uh what's that white material that they use uh
Ivory Ivory and gold Athena sitting there the this giant and everybody that
lives in Athens knows about this they could see it they can go and they can give offering they all had that image
that they represent and people are ever both both fast all the facets of society
are represented in some way they all have a God that they can look up to and re and and relate to whether that rather
instead of just having one fatherly God that only only men can really look to say oh I'm like this God this guy loves
me because I'm like that God but those people who don't look like this God they don't have representation so they feel
like they're less than but in the Greek world in the Greco-Roman world or even in the Indian oh going in the east in
the Indian uh Hindu Hindu pantheons you have gods that represent everybody everybody's has something to look up to
and has some sort of hero to look up to that makes your Society drive forward
and the drugs too because you expand people's minds when people are I mean when you have that Festival that's
another thing we can't forget about this when you go to that Festival every month and I don't maybe you had a terrible
month you lost all your money maybe maybe some robbers came through and stole some stuff stole all your your
chickens and your and your goats and you your your [__] but you go to that Festival that's you know it's going to
come every month there's another Festival whether it's a festival a Demeter or the festival you know the bacchanalia every month you have a new
Festival to look forward to and you're gonna go there and you're gonna drink the kai Kion you're gonna have a good time you're gonna expand your mind
you're gonna forget about it and you're gonna reset yourself that's that part that part of society we still need to
bring back it's I think that people still people have that option now but I don't I think it should be like
normalized people go to festivals Music Festival they come back and then change their lives oh my God I went to this
music festival and I'll never forget it it changed my life forever that type of mental that type of Spiritual Awakening
is a huge thing and everybody in Athens experienced that all right all right last question I'm
Gonna Leave it to you Neil um you're working on a video about Medea just lead us out with that
yeah that's coming out in the next two days one one or two days Medea narrated
by you edited by me with music and visuals um we got some some good visuals of not
only ancient artworks that we put together but also some use of AI stuff not like in a corny way like with like
people with like three hands and four eyes but like we really took our time and picked out the best ones the ones
that really that really they really portrayed the essence of Medea you know
what I mean and um we're gonna have this AI contrary to what people who are anti-ai
um contrary to the direction they're going now we're gonna bring her forward
want to be cool look if they can replace writers and they can replace certain
artists then they can replace the Pope you know what I mean
all right thanks for coming Neil uh everybody out there thank you for attending I'm sorry it takes so long but
it was a hell of a lot of fun uh hail Satan guys
[Applause] [Music] [Applause]
mother [Applause] can't bring no flowers
to me on Sunday it's gonna break her heart